# nla-pageview-job

A combination of two lambda functions working together. The first lambda (in nla-job) queries AWS Athena to obtain page views for articles and tone/minutebyminute content for a particular date and stores the data in an AWS S3 bucket. The second lambda (in ftp-upload) listens to events generated by the S3 bucket as a trigger and copies via FTP the added data into the NLA FTP server.



## [NLA](https://www.nlamediaaccess.com/)

NLA Media Access (NLA) is a publisher-owned rights licensing and publisher services business with a core aim of supporting journalism. They work on behalf of the UK’s newspaper and magazine publishers. They license organisations to make paper and digital copies of newspaper, magazine and news website content. The NLA currently licenses over 200,000 businesses and organisations ranging from large government bodies, PLCs, and limited companies to partnerships and public relations agencies.

NLA media access (NLA) represents the intellectual property rights of many prominent publishing brands in the UK – 3,600 newspaper and magazine titles plus nearly 2,100 web titles – in the media monitoring market. The company also operates a database providing services to media monitoring agencies and publishers containing over 100 million articles from print and web publications.

The combination of licensing and database services provided by NLA enables UK and international businesses to access published content in an efficient and copyright compliant way. 
